fix: migration PR feedback (#250)
worldcoin/world-id-docs: src/pages/id/world-id-lite.mdx

import { Tag } from '@/components/Tag'

# World ID Lite

World ID Lite is replacing the previous `phone` credential in World ID. World ID Lite relies on the user's identity wallet, such as World App, to verify a user's unique device.

The premise of World ID Lite is users having a unique mobile device. This is more scalable, user friendly, and privacy-preserving than the previous `phone` credential, which was issued when a user verified their phone number in World App.

> ## When to use World ID Lite vs. World ID Orb Credential

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When to use World ID Lite vs. World ID Orb
```

> World ID Lite offers a credential that's convenient for a user to receive, but it also provides a weaker level of resistance to Sybil attacks than World ID's Orb credential. It's best used for applications that only require a moderate level of sybil resistance or have a significant userbase in regions where the Orb is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
World ID Lite offers an assurance that's convenient for a user to obtain, but it also provides a weaker level of resistance to Sybil attacks than World ID's Orb credential. It's best used for applications that only require a moderate level of sybil resistance or have a significant user base in regions where the Orb is not available.
```

> For example, a gaming application that wants to prevent many bot accounts from being created would be a great use case for World ID Lite. However, an undercollateralized lending application would likely want to use World ID's Orb credential, as it provides the highest level of sybil resistance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a gaming application that wants to prevent many bot accounts from being created would be a great use case for World ID Lite. However, an undercollateralized lending application would likely want to use World ID's Orb credential, as it provides a strong level of Sybil resistance.
```

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Credential</th>
      <th>Sybil-Resistance</th>
      <th>Proof-of-Personhood</th>
      <th>Credential Acquisition</th>
      <th>Availability</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td className="align-middle"><img src="/icons/credential-orb.svg" alt="" className="h-8 w-8 m-0 mr-2 inline" />Orb</td>

>       <td className="align-middle">Strongest</td>

Reviewer: let's not use superlatives, we may introduce other higher assurance levels in the future

      <td className="align-middle"><Tag>ON-CHAIN</Tag> <Tag color="sky">CLOUD</Tag></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td className="flex items-center"><img src="/icons/credential-phone.svg" alt="" className="h-8 w-8 m-0 mr-2" />World ID Lite</td>
      <td className="align-middle">Medium</td>
      <td className="align-middle">Weak</td>
      <td className="align-middle">Automatic Issuance</td>
      <td className="align-middle"><Tag color="sky">CLOUD</Tag></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<Note>Read about configuring IDKit for World ID Lite in the [IDKit Reference](/reference/idkit/).</Note>

## Benefits

World ID Lite has a number of benefits over the previous `phone` credential:

- **Automatic Issuance:** World ID Lite is automatically issued to all World App users with a unique device. No action needs to be taken by users to receive this credential other than downloading World App.
- **Privacy:** Users can now receive a World ID without providing any information at all. Although verifying a phone number in World App has always been optional, users could previously only use World ID after they verified their phone number or verified at an Orb.

> - **Strength:** World ID Lite is more resistant to Sybil attacks, as the cost and complexity of acquiring a separate unique mobile device is higher than acquiring a separate phone number.

Reviewer: drop
